1.“I would never buy Ivana any decent jewels or pictures. Why give 
her negotiable assets?”--
2.“Beauty and elegance, whether in a woman, a building, or a work
of art, is not just superficial or something pretty to see.”--
3.“ 26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238
convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men &
 women together? ”--
“4.It’s certainly not groundbreaking news that the early victories
 by the women on ‘The Apprentice’ were, to a very large extent, 
 dependent on their sex appeal.”--
5.“You know, it doesn’t really matter what [the media] write as
 long as you’ve got a young and beautiful piece of ass.”--
6.“You wouldn’t have your job if you weren’t beautiful.”--
7.“The most difficult aspect of the prenuptial agreement is 
informing your future wife (or husband): I love you very much, but 
just in case things don’t work out, this is what you will get in 
the divorce. There are basically three types of women and 
reactions. One is the good woman who very much loves her future 
husband, solely for himself, but refuses to sign the agreement on 
principle. I fully understand this, but the man should take a pass 
anyway and find someone else. The other is the calculating woman 
who refuses to sign the prenuptial agreement because she is 
expecting to take advantage of the poor, unsuspecting sucker she’s 
got in her grasp. There is also the woman who will openly and 
quickly sign a prenuptial agreement in order to make a quick hit 
and take the money given to her.”--
8.“Women have one of the great acts of all time. The smart ones 
act very feminine and needy, but inside they are real killers. The 
person who came up with the expression ‘the weaker sex’ was either 
very naive or had to be kidding. I have seen women manipulate men 
with just a twitch of their eye — or perhaps another body part.”--
9.“If Hillary Clinton can’t satisfy her husband what makes her 
think she can satisfy America?”--
10.“[Angelina Jolie’s] been with so many guys she makes me look 
like a baby... And, I just don’t even find her attractive.”--
11.“While  @ BetteMidler  is an extremely unattractive woman, I 
refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically 
correct. ”--
12.Rosie O’Donnell is “crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb.”--
13.“My favorite part [of ‘Pulp Fiction’] is when Sam has his gun 
out in the diner and he tells the guy to tell his girlfriend to 
shut up. Tell that bitch to be cool. Say: ‘Bitch be cool.’ I love 
those lines.”--
14.New York Times columnist  Gail Collins recalled: “During one 
down period, I referred to him in print as a ‘financially 
embattled thousandaire’ and he sent me a copy of the column with 
my picture circled and ‘The Face of a Dog!’ written over it.”--
15.“Cher is somewhat of a loser. She’s lonely. She’s unhappy. 
She’s very miserable.”--
16.“All of the women on ‘The Apprentice’ flirted with me — 
consciously or unconsciously. That’s to be expected.”--
17.“Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She 
cheated on him like a dog & will do it again – just watch. He can 
do much better!”--
18.“Ariana Huffington is unattractive, both inside and out. I 
fully understand why her former husband left her for a man – he 
made a good decision.”--
19.“If I were running ‘The View’, I’d fire Rosie O’Donnell. I 
mean, I’d look at her right in that fat, ugly face of hers, I’d 
say ‘Rosie, you’re fired.’” --
“20.I’ve said if Ivanka weren’t my daughter, perhaps I’d be dating 
her.” --
21."I think the only difference between me and the other 
candidates is that I’m more honest and my women are more beautiful.
” --
22."Lyin' Ted Cruz just used a picture of Melania from a shoot in 
his ad. Be careful, Lyin' Ted, or I will spill the beans on your 
wife!"--
23.“Look at that face. Would anybody vote for that? Can you 
imagine that, the face of our next president?! I mean, she's a 
woman, and I'm not s'posedta say bad things, but really, folks, 
come on. Are we serious? ”--
24.“How much money is the extremely unattractive (both inside and 
out) Arianna Huffington paying her poor ex-hubby for the use of 
his name?" --
25.“You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood 
coming out of her — wherever. ”--
26.“Heidi Klum. Sadly, she’s no longer a 10."--
27.“She was gonna beat Obama. I don't know who would be worse, I 
don't know, how could it be worse? But she was going to beat - she was favored to win - and she got schlonged, she lost, I mean she 
lost. ”--
28.“She’s back there, little Katy...a third-rate reporter. ”--
29."Can you imagine the parents of Kelli ... when she said, 'Mom, 
Dad, I just fell in love with a big, fat pig named Rosie?’ "--
30.“She is a dog who wrongfully comments on me.”--
31."It must be a pretty picture, you dropping to your knees.”--
32."Why does she keep interrupting everybody?"--
33.“I bet you make a great wife."--
34."We're all a little chubby but Rosie's just worse than most of 
us. But it's not the chubbiness — Rosie is a very unattractive 
person, both inside and out."--
35."Rosie's a person who's very lucky to have her girlfriend. And 
she better be careful or I'll send one of my friends over to pick 
up her girlfriend, why would she stay with Rosie if she had 
another choice?"--
36.“A person who is flat-chested is very hard to be a 10.”--
37."Her ass is too fat." --
38."Well, you never get to the face because the body's so good."--
39."How do the breasts look?" --
40."And the girls—we're supposed to call them women, but they're 
girls to me .”--
41.“I find women to be much more aggressive than men. In fact, 
many of the people that are in my company and that I hire are 
women. I find women to be far more aggressive—and, sexually, far 
more aggressive—than men. ”--
42."You have to treat 'em like shit."--